Clarify logger flag (#7190)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/trainer.rst

|

> :doc:`Logger <../common/loggers>` (or iterable collection of loggers) for experiment tracking. A `True` value uses the default `TensorBoardLogger` shown below. `False` will disable logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`Logger <../common/loggers>` (or iterable collection of loggers) for experiment tracking. A ``True`` value uses the default ``TensorBoardLogger`` shown below. ``False`` will disable logging.
```

> :doc:`Logger <../common/loggers>` (or iterable collection of loggers) for experiment tracking. A ``True`` value uses the default ``TensorBoardLogger`` shown below. ``False`` will disable logging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:doc:`Logger <../common/loggers>` (or iterable collection of loggers) for experiment tracking. 

.. note:: 

       Using ``Trainer(logger=True)`` will use the ``TensorBoardLogger`` by default and ``Trainer(logger=False)`` will disable logging.
```
